<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:s="http://jboss.com/products/seam/taglib"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
	xmlns:fc="http://www.bateaustop.fr/facescomponents"
	xmlns:e="http://www.bateaustop.fr/SeamFunc"
	xmlns:a="http://richfaces.org/a4j" template="#{e:getTemplate()}">


	<ui:define name="meta">
		<meta name="description"
			content="Quelles sont les comp&eacute;tences requises pour se lancer dans le BateauStop." />
		<meta name="abstract"
			content="Quelles sont les comp&eacute;tences requises pour se lancer dans le BateauStop." />
		<meta name="robots" content="#{messages['meta.robots.follow']}" />
	</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="title">
		<title>Les comp&eacute;tences requises - #{messages['meta.title']}</title>
	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="body">
		<rich:panel>
			<f:facet name="header">Should I be experienced ?</f:facet>
			<p>It's an advantage to have already tried sailing before trying hitch-boat, but it's not compulsory. 
			Many hitchhikers had not experience sailing before their first crossing.</p>
			<p>Nevertheless, it's better to have some basic knowledges before joining a sailboat as a shipmate :
				<ul>
					<li>knowing how to do knots such as <s:link view="/static/noeuds_en.xhtml" value="these ones" propagation="none" style="margin-left:5px;"/>,</li>
					<li>mastering <s:link view="/static/lexique_en.xhtml" value="specific vocabulary linked to sailing" propagation="none" style="margin-left:5px;"/>,</li>
					<!-- <li>comprendre les diff&eacute;rentes manoeuvres de base, [lien]</li> -->
					<li>being aware of the importance of <s:link view="/static/securite_en.xhtml" value="safety  on a saiboat" propagation="none" style="margin-left:5px;"/>.</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
			<p>Finally, here is also an important point to check : do you have problems with <s:link view="/static/malDeMer_en.xhtml" value="seasickness" propagation="none" style="margin-left:5px;"/> ?</p>
		</rich:panel>
		<rich:panel>
			<f:facet name="header">What does a shipmate is supposed to do ?</f:facet>
			<p>It depends on what the skipper expects. What the shipmate has to 
			do has to be defined <b>before</b> going on board !</p>
			<p>
				Usually, the shipmate has to participate to navigation, to steerages, to help to clean the boat, 
				and sometimes to cook and to do the washing-up.<br />
				Maybe you will also help to repair various stuffs, to give advice about computer sciences, 
				or to be a translator in marinas.
			</p>
			<p>As we're talking about languages : many French speakers are travelling all over seas, but it's 
			useful to be able to speak English, as it's the most widespread language. You also have to know 
			another language : <s:link view="/static/lexique_en.xhtml" value="the sailing language" 
			propagation="none" style="margin-left:5px;"/>.</p>
		</rich:panel>

		<rich:panel>
			<f:facet name="header">How much does it cost to be a boat-hitchhiker ?</f:facet>
			<p>It's linked to the previous point what a shipmate is supposed to do. The price depends on the skipper.</p>
			<p>Usually, you have at least to participate to a common till aimed at buying food (around 5&euro; per day), 
			or if not, you have to bring your own food and water. Some boats' owners also add the fuel 
			and the marinas' fees to the common till (which is about 25 &euro; per day).</p>
			<p>There are also some specific cases, such as yacht delivery. In that case, you have the possibility to earn 
			a few money, or to have food and drinking water for free.</p>
			<p>As you've already understood, many points depend on the captain; this is why you have to define with him 
			the conditions before leaving. Then you'll be free to decide which proposal suits you the most.</p>
			<p>But please remember: the human interactions are the most important part of a stay on Sea!</p>
		</rich:panel>

		<rich:panel>
			<f:facet name="header">Which qualities are important to find a boat ?</f:facet>

			<p>A sailboat is tiny,  this is why cohabiting with other shipmates is very important.</p>
			<p>Thus, the first criterion the captain will take into account (even before your skills) 
			is your manners and the way you behave.</p>
			<p>You have therefore to be pleasant and in a good mood. You'll also have to be able to 
			get along with people you didn't know before during several days (or weeks, or months), 
			even if the life conditions are sometimes difficult.</p>
			<p>This is why we advise you to complete your profile and your 
				 <s:link view="/recherche/DemandeList.xhtml" value="boarding request" propagation="none" style="margin-left:5px;"/> 
				 as much as possible.
				Show that you're really motivated, that you're able to adapt to any situation, and most 
				of all that you really wish to learn and to share a great experience.</p>
			<p>This is important , all the more that the most precise requests are listed at
			 the top of the results of a websearch.</p>
		</rich:panel>

		<rich:panel>
			<f:facet name="header">Except www.bateaustop.fr, are there other ways to find a boat ?</f:facet>

			<p>On bateaustop.fr, you have the possibility to publish requests. Nevertheless, you also have 
			the possibility to find a boat directly in place. Marinas are places which helps a lot in finding 
			contacts and access to boats.  If you're interested in a boat lied at anchor, you have to use a 
			small zodiac (or something similar) in order to meet the owners and speak to them.</p>
			<p>In case of direct contact, it's better to have something to present. For instance, 
			a map of the travel you wish to do, or photos of your voyage. This is a nice way to 
			start a talk.</p>
		</rich:panel>


	</ui:define>



</ui:composition>
