<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:s="http://jboss.com/products/seam/taglib"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
	xmlns:fc="http://www.bateaustop.fr/facescomponents"
	xmlns:e="http://www.bateaustop.fr/SeamFunc"
	xmlns:a="http://richfaces.org/a4j" template="#{e:getTemplate()}">


	<ui:define name="meta">
		<meta name="description" content="Les diff&eacute;rents types de bateaux pouvant embarquer un bateau-stoppeur." />
		<meta name="abstract" content="Les diff&eacute;rents types de bateaux pouvant embarquer un bateau-stoppeur." />
		<meta name="robots" content="#{messages['meta.robots.follow']}" />
	</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="title">
		<title>Les diff&eacute;rents types de bateaux - #{messages['meta.title']}</title>
	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="body">
		<rich:panel>
			<f:facet name="header">Which kind of boat should I choose for a crossing ?</f:facet>
			<p>Bateaustop focus on <s:link view="/recherche/BateauList.xhtml" value="sailboats" propagation="none" style="margin-left:5px;"/>. 
			Indeed, these are the most common crafts.</p>
			<p>Various reasons lead to publish <s:link view="/recherche/OffreList.xhtml" value="offers" propagation="none" style="margin-left:5px;"/> :</p>
			<p>
				- Offers published by amateur sailors<br /> Amateur sailors are most of the time both owners of a 
				boat and skipper. Travelling is a hobby for them, and they regularly need the help of shipmates 
				during long or difficult journeys.
			</p>
			<p>
				- Yacht delivery<br /> Some boats'owners ask a skipper to bring their craft in a precise place. 
				The skipper then employs shipmates to get help for this job. If the shipmates are skilled, 
				they can be paid for it.
			</p>
			<p>
				- Charters<br /> A charter is a boat rented to several people during a specific period 
				(which usually lasts a week). These crossings are a way for passengers to spend holidays: 
				they often take advantage of the fact that a skipper and a steward are on board. Therefore, 
				you have to pay for this kind of offer. Nevertheless, it's also possible to get hired for 
				crossings such as these ones (as a waiter, a chef...).
			</p>

			<p>
				It's also possible to use motorboats to do a crossing.<br /> 
				The boats transporting goods only accept the qualified hitchhikers. Nevertheless, sometimes cabins 
				are specially equipped for passengers, but their cost is around 100&euro; per day! This is therefore 
				conceivable only for short crossings, and only if you can't find a place or a period when sailboats 
				are available. Furthermore, it's very rare when motorboats complete long crossings.
			</p>
		</rich:panel>

	</ui:define>


</ui:composition>
