<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">

<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:m="http://jboss.com/products/seam/mail"
                template="/email/EmailTemplate.xhtml" importance="normal">
                
		<ui:param name="sujet"
			value="BoatHitchhiking - Registration Information" />
		<ui:param name="toName" value="#{emailManager.utilisateur.coordonnees.nom} #{emailManager.utilisateur.coordonnees.prenom}"/>
		<ui:param name="toMail" value="#{emailManager.utilisateur.mail}"/>
		<ui:param name="replyTo" value="noreply@bateaustop.fr"/>
		<ui:param name="fromName" value="BoatHitchhiking"/>
		<ui:param name="fromMail" value="noreply@bateaustop.fr"/>
		<ui:param name="userLocale" value="en"/>
		<ui:define name="copy">
			<m:bcc name="Admin" address="boathitchhiking@gmail.com" />
		</ui:define>
		<ui:define name="body">

			<p>#{emailManager.utilisateur.coordonnees.nom}
			#{emailManager.utilisateur.coordonnees.prenom},</p>
			<p><b>Welcome to the <span style="color: #255C9D;">BoatHitchhiking</span>
			community !</b></p>

			<p>Thank you for registering. The team and all the other members, look forward to your participation in
			the BoatHitchhiking community.</p>
			<p>Below is your account information. Please keep it for your
			records :</p>
			<ul>
				<li>Username : #{emailManager.utilisateur.pseudonyme}</li>				
				<li>Password : <i>*encrypted in our database*</i></li>
			</ul>
			<p>You must activate your user account to connect, and <b>so that your ads can be viewed by other users</b>.</p>
			<p>Please click on the link below :</p> 
			<p><a href="#{proprieteFactory.getBasePath('en')}Activation/RetourCode?utilisateurPseudonyme=#{emailManager.utilisateur.pseudonyme}&amp;codeActivation=#{emailManager.utilisateur.getActif()}">#{proprieteFactory.getBasePath('en')}Activation/RetourCode?utilisateurPseudonyme=#{emailManager.utilisateur.pseudonyme}&amp;codeActivation=#{emailManager.utilisateur.getActif()}</a></p>
			
			<p>Once connected, you will be able to <b>complete your profile</b> (with your picture, your skills and experience, the languages you speak, and more).
			<br/>Your ads can also be completed to give more details about what you expect from your crew members or what kind of navigation you are hopping to.
			<br/>Keep in mind that <b>the more details you give</b> in your profile, in yours ads or about your boat, <b>the more your boarding offers and requests will be attractive</b>.
			<br/>Furthermore, your profile and your ads are subject to a <b>scoring system</b> explained in the FAQ. By supplementing at  maximum you'll be better rated and you will appear at better position in search pages.</p>
			
			<p>The <a href="#{proprieteFactory.getBasePath( 'en')}">BoatHitchhiking</a> team.</p>

			<f:facet name="alternative">
#{emailManager.utilisateur.coordonnees.nom} #{emailManager.utilisateur.coordonnees.prenom},

Welcome to the BoatHitchhiking community! 
Thank you for registering. The team and all the other members, look forward to your participation in
the BoatHitchhiking community.

Below is your account information. Please keep it for your records :
Username : #{emailManager.utilisateur.pseudonyme}
Password : *encrypted in our database*

You must activate your user account to connect, and so that your ads can be viewed by other users.
Please click on the link below :
#{proprieteFactory.getBasePath('en')}Activation/RetourCode?utilisateurPseudonyme=#{emailManager.utilisateur.pseudonyme}&amp;codeActivation=#{emailManager.utilisateur.getActif()}

Once connected, you will be able to complete your profile (with your picture, your skills and experience, the languages you speak, and more).
Your ads can also be completed to give more details about what you expect from your crew members or what kind of navigation you are hopping to.
Keep in mind that the more details you give in your profile, in yours ads or about your boat, the more your boarding offers and requests will be attractive.

The BoatHitchhiking team.
</f:facet>

		</ui:define>
</ui:composition>



