<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:s="http://jboss.com/products/seam/taglib"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
	xmlns:fc="http://www.bateaustop.fr/facescomponents"
	xmlns:e="http://www.bateaustop.fr/SeamFunc"
	xmlns:a="http://richfaces.org/a4j" template="#{e:getTemplate()}">

	<ui:define name="meta">
		<meta name="robots" content="#{messages['meta.robots.noFollow']}"/>
	</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="title">
		<title>Terms of Use - #{messages['meta.title']}</title>
	</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="body">
		<h1>Terms of Use</h1>
		<rich:panel styleClass="conditionsUtilisation">
			<f:facet name="header"><!-- Blufff --></f:facet>
			<h1><a id="PR_AMBULE_6030566631911196"
				name="PR_AMBULE_6030566631911196"></a>PREAMBLE<br />
			</h1>
			<p>These terms and conditions (hereinafter the "General Conditions") describe 
			the conditions for access to the site http://www.#{messages['layout.template.titre']}.com. The user 
			can simply consult freely and at any time these Terms of Service by clicking on the 
			link "Terms of Use" on this page. The use of the service is reserved exclusively to 
			users who have read previously, these terms and conditions in full and have accepted. 
			They concern the owner of a boat, the skipper and crew.</p>
			<p>When you register, you agree to accept all provisions of these Terms and Conditions. 
			If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions, you can not use our service. These 
			Conditions shall apply while  they appear on the site.</p>
			<p>Our services are available only for adults in their country of residence. If you 
			do not meet these conditions, you should not use our services. #{messages['layout.template.titre']} reserves 
			the right to exclude anyone who does not respect all of these conditions.</p>

			<h1><a id="TABLES_DES_MATIERES_6662157620"
				name="TABLES_DES_MATIERES_6662157620"></a>TABLE OF CONTENTS</h1>
			<br />
			<div class="writely-toc" id="WritelyTableOfContents"
				toctype="none+none">
			<ol class="writely-toc-none">
				<li><a href="#PR_AMBULE_6030566631911196" target="_self">PREAMBLE</a>
				</li>
				<li><a href="#TABLES_DES_MATIERES_6662157620" target="_self">TABLE OF CONTENTS</a></li>
				<li><a href="#1_#{messages['layout.template.titre']}_N_EST_QU_UN_" target="_self">1.
				#{messages['layout.template.titre']} IS AN ONLINE SUPPORT</a></li>
				<li><a href="#2_DEFINITIONS_1450242420041747" target="_self">2.
				DEFINITIONS</a>
				<ol class="writely-toc-subheading writely-toc-none"
					style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt">
					<li><a href="#2_1_La_plate_forme_BoatHitchhi" target="_self">2.1
					The platform #{messages['layout.template.titre']}</a></li>
					<li><a href="#2_2_Le_skipper_265105346477974" target="_self">2.2
					The skipper</a></li>
					<li><a href="#2_3_L_quipier_6632791104382795_8515067794930583"
						target="_self">2.3 The crew</a></li>
					<li><a href="#2_4_Les_membres_99474900606625" target="_self">2.4
					Members</a></li>
					<li><a href="#2_6_Une_offre_d_embarquement_9" target="_self">2.6
					A provision of boarding</a></li>
					<li><a href="#2_7_Une_demande_d_embarquement" target="_self">2.7
					A request for boarding</a></li>
				</ol>
				</li>
				<li><a href="#3_UTILISATION_DE_LA_PLATEFORME" target="_self">3
				USE OF THE PLATFORM #{messages['layout.template.titre']}</a>
				<ol class="writely-toc-subheading writely-toc-none"
					style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt">
					<li><a href="#3_1_Obligation_du_membre_skipp" target="_self">3.1
					Obligation of Member skipper or crew</a>
					<ol class="writely-toc-subheading writely-toc-none"
						style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt">
						<li><a href="#3_1_1_Cr_ation_et_acc_s_au_com" target="_self">3.1.1
						Creating and account access</a></li>
						<li><a href="#3_1_2_Responsabilit_5122378741" target="_self">3.1.2
						Responsibility</a></li>
						<li><a href="#3_1_3_En_cas_de_contestation_5" target="_self">3.1.3
						In case of dispute</a></li>
					</ol>
					</li>
					<li><a href="#3_2_Utilisation_du_support_Boa" target="_self">3.2
					Use of media #{messages['layout.template.titre']} by skipper</a>
					<ol class="writely-toc-subheading writely-toc-none"
						style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt">
						<li><a href="#3_2_1_Etapes_suivre_5902604454" target="_self">3.2.1
						Steps to follow :</a></li>
						<li><a href="#3_2_2_Obligations_particuli_re" target="_self">3.2.2
						Specific obligations of the skipper</a></li>
					</ol>
					</li>
					<li><a href="#3_3_Utilisation_du_support_Boa" target="_self">3.3
					Use of media by teammate #{messages['layout.template.titre']} par l'&#233;quipier</a>
					<ol class="writely-toc-subheading writely-toc-none"
						style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt">
						<li><a href="#3_3_1_Etapes_suivre_8563249120" target="_self">3.3.1
						Steps to follow :</a></li>
						<li><a
							href="#3_3_2_Obligations_particuli_re_1289346010810809"
							target="_self">3.3.2 Specific obligations of the crew</a></li>
					</ol>
					</li>
					<li><a href="#3_4_Assurance_6768264980268324_7841036326699239"
						target="_self">3.4 Ensure</a></li>
				</ol>
				</li>
				<li><a href="#4_DISPOSITIONS_DIVERSES_770318" target="_self">4
				- MISCELLANEOUS</a>
				<ol class="writely-toc-subheading writely-toc-none"
					style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt">
					<li><a href="#4_2_Confidentialit_des_donn_es" target="_self">4.1
					Confidentiality of data</a></li>
					<li><a href="#_4_3_En_cas_de_litige_74958694" target="_self">4.2
					In case of dispute</a></li>
				</ol>
				</li>
			</ol>
			</div>
			<h1><a id="1_#{messages['layout.template.titre']}_N_EST_QU_UN_"
				name="1_#{messages['layout.template.titre']}_N_EST_QU_UN_"></a>1. #{messages['layout.template.titre']} IS AN ONLINE SUPPORT</h1>

			<p>The role of BoatHitchhiking is not that of a carrier or a travel agency. BoatHitchhiking is in no dealer trips.</p>
			<p>Instead, the site is a BoatHitchhiking online support, called Platform, which aims to enable and facilitate the 
			linking of individuals and professionals through the provision of tools, skippers and teammates, whose common goal 
			is to share costs and experience a voyage at sea.</p>
			<p>It belongs to the members of #{messages['layout.template.titre']}, BoatHitchhiking to take all necessary precautions 
			before carrying out the shipment. <br />
			#{messages['layout.template.titre']} has no control over the adequacy or accuracy
			<ul>
				<li>Ad placed online</li>
				<li>the identity of its members</li>
				<li>information present in the profile of its members.</li>
			</ul>
			</p>
			<p>Accordingly, BoatHitchhiking can not be held responsible for incidents resulting from the linking of people, of 
			any nature whatsoever.</p>
			<h1><a id="2_DEFINITIONS_1450242420041747"
				name="2_DEFINITIONS_1450242420041747"></a>2. DEFINITIONS</h1>
			<h2><a id="2_1_La_plate_forme_BoatHitchhi"
				name="2_1_La_plate_forme_BoatHitchhi"></a>2.1 The platform 
			#{messages['layout.template.titre']}</h2>
The platform #{messages['layout.template.titre']} is the functional and organizational structure allows the linking of skippers 
and crew members whose common goal is to share costs and experience a journey at sea.<br />
			<h2><a id="2_2_Le_skipper_265105346477974"
				name="2_2_Le_skipper_265105346477974"></a>2.2 The skipper</h2>
				The skipper is an individual or business that will use the tools of the platform #{messages['layout.template.titre']} to 
				offer boarding to any teammates.
The skipper has a personal, or conveys a boat insured for transportation of third parties called teammates.
The skipper can legally justify their right to sail on his boat, and that in any area proposed in his offer boarding.
			<br />The skipper is a member of #{messages['layout.template.titre']} making offers boarding.<br />
&nbsp;<br />
			<h2><a id="2_3_L_quipier_6632791104382795_8515067794930583"
				name="2_3_L_quipier_6632791104382795_8515067794930583"></a>2.3
			The crew<br />
			</h2>
			The crew is a member of #{messages['layout.template.titre']} have validated the proposed offer by a skipper, 
				a member of #{messages['layout.template.titre']}.
The crew can legally justify their right to navigate, and that in any area of his requests to board.<br />

The crew is a member of #{messages['layout.template.titre']} issuing requests for boarding.<br />
			<h2><a id="2_4_Les_membres_99474900606625"
				name="2_4_Les_membres_99474900606625"></a>2.4 Members</h2>
				
Members are users of the platform  #{messages['layout.template.titre']}.<br />
To become a member you must:<br />
			<ol>
				<li>be legally responsible (being aged over 18 or otherwise under the laws in force in the country of residence)</li>
				<li>have been informed and accepted the full terms of use #{messages['layout.template.titre']}.</li>
			</ol>
			<br />
A member may take one or the other of previous roles (skipper and crew) that the ads they publish on the site #{messages['layout.template.titre']}.com.<br />
			<br />
A member specifies its coordinates :<br />
			<ul>
				<li>name,</li>
				<li>fisrtname,</li>
				<li>Country and city of residence,</li>
				<li>email,</li>
				<li>phone,</li>
				<li>site / blog.<br />
				</li>
			</ul>
			<br />
In addition a member must complete a personal information it contains :<br />
			<ul>
				<li>experience of sailing,</li>
				<li>a description,</li>				
				<li>languages spoken,</li>
				<li>age,</li>
				<li>sex,</li>
				<li>photography.<br />
				</li>
			</ul>
			<h2><a id="2_6_Une_offre_d_embarquement_9"
				name="2_6_Une_offre_d_embarquement_9"></a>2.6 A provision of boarding</h2>
An offer boarding is proposing a browser by a skipper. It is specified by :<br />
			<ul>
				<li>dates of departure and arrival,<br />
				</li>
				<li>countries and places of departure and arrival,</li>
				<li>stops,</li>
				<li>a type of navigation (coastal, ...),</li>
				<li>A number of people searched for and possibly what positions,</li>
				<li>Experience and skills assessed,</li>
				<li>The boat on which to place the boarding,</li>
				<li>a general description. <br />
				</li>
			</ul>
			<h2><a id="2_7_Une_demande_d_embarquement"
				name="2_7_Une_demande_d_embarquement"></a>2.7 A request for boarding</h2>
A request for shipment is requested by a browser by a teammate. It is specified by :<br />
			<ul>
				<li>dates of departure and arrival,</li>
				<li>countries and places of departure and arrival,</li>
				<li>the type of boat you want,</li>
				<li>the type of shipping desired,</li>
				<li>a general description.<br />
				</li>
			</ul>
			<h1><a id="3_UTILISATION_DE_LA_PLATEFORME"
				name="3_UTILISATION_DE_LA_PLATEFORME"></a>3 - USE OF THE PLATFORM  #{messages['layout.template.titre']}</h1>
			<h2><a id="3_1_Obligation_du_membre_skipp"
				name="3_1_Obligation_du_membre_skipp"></a>3.1 Obligation of Member skipper or crew</h2>
			<h3><a id="3_1_1_Cr_ation_et_acc_s_au_com"
				name="3_1_1_Cr_ation_et_acc_s_au_com"></a>3.1.1 Creating and account access</h3>
By registering on the platform  #{messages['layout.template.titre']}, the member has a username and password is strictly personal.
Member agrees to keep confidential the password.<br />
The registered member is the only one to use the platform #{messages['layout.template.titre']} using the username and password.<br />
Member agrees not to create or use other accounts as originally assigned, either under his own identity or that of third
<br />
Failure to use or create new accounts under his own identity or that of another, may cause immediate suspension without notice of Member's 
account and all related services.<br />
Member agrees not to propose any other person access under its identity or pseudonym platform #{messages['layout.template.titre']}. 
Assuming he has knowledge of access to the platform by another person, the member will inform #{messages['layout.template.titre']} immediately.<br />
Member agrees not to register their information in fields other than those designated for that purpose.<br />
			<h3><a id="3_1_2_Responsabilit_5122378741"
				name="3_1_2_Responsabilit_5122378741"></a>3.1.2 Responsibility
			</h3>
Member is solely responsible for the use of the platform BoatHitchhiking in accordance with the terms and conditions of service.<br />
Member agrees not particularly behavior directly or indirectly contrary to good morals, laws and regulations existing or future, including on 
the photographs published on BoatHitchhiking and the assessments given to other members.<br />
No insult, any defamatory, no racist and no image may shock or disturb other users of the platform, will be accepted.<br />
			<br />
Member agrees to immediately notify  #{messages['layout.template.titre']} if o it finds such behavior.<br />
#{messages['layout.template.titre']} reserves the right to inform the competent authorities any conduct contrary to good mores 
hearts and current laws and regulations or future.<br />
			<h3><a id="3_1_3_En_cas_de_contestation_5"
				name="3_1_3_En_cas_de_contestation_5"></a>3.1.3 In case of dispute</h3>
In case of dispute, the parties agree that the production #{messages['layout.template.titre']} records on servers #{messages['layout.template.titre']} uses the platform #{messages['layout.template.titre']} including access codes registered member, shall prevail between the parties.<br />
			<h2><a id="3_2_Utilisation_du_support_Boa"
				name="3_2_Utilisation_du_support_Boa"></a>3.2 Use of media 
			#{messages['layout.template.titre']} by skipper</h2>
			<h3><a id="3_2_1_Etapes_suivre_5902604454"
				name="3_2_1_Etapes_suivre_5902604454"></a>3.2.1 Steps to follow
			:</h3>
			<ol>
				<li>skipper falls and opens an account Member</li>
				<li>skipper adds a boat through his personal space (profile)</li>
				<li>skipper post an ad space through its skipper</li>
				<li>skipper crew found either by using the search space application loading, either directly after one of them made contact<br />
				</li>
				<li>skipper makes navigation in accordance with the terms previously agreed with the crew onboard</li>
				<li>skipper gives an assessment for each of the crew present at the crossing if desired<br />
				</li>
			</ol>
			<h3><a id="3_2_2_Obligations_particuli_re"
				name="3_2_2_Obligations_particuli_re"></a>3.2.2 Specific obligations of the skipper.</h3>
			<h4><a id="3_2_2_1_8026123588044605_7724923835139306"
				name="3_2_2_1_8026123588044605_7724923835139306"></a><span
				style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff">3.2.2.1</span></h4>
The skipper is an individual or business that will use the tools of the platform  #{messages['layout.template.titre']} to offer boarding to 
any teammates.<br />
The skipper is legally responsible.<br />
The skipper has a personal, or conveys a boat insured for transportation of third parties called teammates<br />
The skipper can legally justify their right to sail on his boat, and that in any area proposed in his offer boarding.<br />
The skipper is a member of #{messages['layout.template.titre']} making offers boarding.<br />
			<h4><a id="3_2_2_2_7292719949581774_6523036123290038"
				name="3_2_2_2_7292719949581774_6523036123290038"></a>3.2.2.2</h4>
The skipper agrees that the elements of their profile (experience, description, ...) are true and faithful to reality 
not to mislead the crew into error.<br />
The skipper undertakes to describe and include all information relating to the boarding platform  BoatHitchhiking.<br />
The skipper agrees that the elements of his announcement is accurate and faithful to reality not to mislead the crew into error.<br />
In case of error, no claim of skipper or crew with #{messages['layout.template.titre']} not be admissible as such.<br />
The skipper is solely responsible for the establishment of the full contents of its announcement and its findings about the site 
BoatHitchhiking.com.<br />
The skipper #{messages['layout.template.titre']} guarantees of any claim relating to content and form of the said assessments<br />
			<a id="tb_4" name="3_2_2_4"></a>
			<h4><a id="3_2_2_5_7431139576434792_7697578643597789"
				name="3_2_2_5_7431139576434792_7697578643597789"></a>3.2.2.3</h4>
The skipper expressly authorized #{messages['layout.template.titre']} to establish a system allowing teammates, after boarding, to determine 
criteria of satisfaction from a grid supplied by BoatHitchhiking.<br />
			<h2><a id="3_3_Utilisation_du_support_Boa"
				name="3_3_Utilisation_du_support_Boa"></a>3.3 Use of media 
			#{messages['layout.template.titre']} by teammate <br />
			</h2>
			<h3><a id="3_3_1_Etapes_suivre_8563249120"
				name="3_3_1_Etapes_suivre_8563249120"></a>3.3.1 Steps to follow
			:</h3>
			<ol>
				<li>the crew part</li>
				<li>the crew adds a request via his space Crewmember
				</li>
				<li>the crew found a property that meets its criteria or by using the search space (Application boarding), either directly by 
				the contact of a skipper<br />
				</li>
				<li>the crew performs the navigation, according to the terms previously agreed with the skipper</li>
				<li>the crew give an assessment of the skipper<br />
				</li>
			</ol>
			<br />
			<h3><a id="3_3_2_Obligations_particuli_re_1289346010810809"
				name="3_3_2_Obligations_particuli_re_1289346010810809"></a>3.3.2
			Specific obligations of the crew.</h3>
			<h4><a id="3_2_2_1_3757895859236914_7297736409310492"
				name="3_2_2_1_3757895859236914_7297736409310492"></a><span
				style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff">3.3.2.1<br />
			</span></h4>
The team member is an individual or business that will use the tools of the platform  #{messages['layout.template.titre']} to request a shipment 
to a potential skipper.<br />
The crew is legally responsible.<br />
The crew can legally justify its right to use the boat's skipper, and this component in any area navigation.<br />
The crew is a member of #{messages['layout.template.titre']} issuing requests for boarding.<br />
			<h4><a id="3_2_2_2_7286463773284905_025935198351234257"
				name="3_2_2_2_7286463773284905_025935198351234257"></a>3.3.2.2</h4>
The crew agrees that the elements of their profile (experience, description, ...) are accurate and faithful not only induce the skipper error.<br />
The crew agrees that the elements of his announcement is accurate and faithful not only induce the skipper error.<br />
In case of error, any claim by the crew or skipper to  #{messages['layout.template.titre']} not be admissible as such.<br />
The crew is responsible for establishing the full contents of its announcement and its findings about the site 
#{messages['layout.template.titre']}.com.<br />
The crew #{messages['layout.template.titre']} guarantees of any claim relating to content and form of the said assessments.<br />
			<a id="ssmg" name="3_2_2_4"></a>
			<h4><a id="3_2_2_5_07656078050725579_9438412097205732"
				name="3_2_2_5_07656078050725579_9438412097205732"></a>3.3.2.3</h4>
The crew expressly authorized #{messages['layout.template.titre']} to establish a system allowing skippers, after boarding, to determine 
satisfaction criteria from a grid supplied by #{messages['layout.template.titre']}.<br />
			<a id="3_4_Assurance" name="3_4_Assurance"></a>
			<h2><a id="3_4_Assurance_6768264980268324_7841036326699239"
				name="3_4_Assurance_6768264980268324_7841036326699239"></a>3.4
			Ensure</h2>
#{messages['layout.template.titre']} is an online support.<br />
The execution of the navigation is not provided by  #{messages['layout.template.titre']} .<br />
			<br />
#{messages['layout.template.titre']} can not be held responsible for incidents resulting from the linking of people, of any nature whatsoever.<br />
The members, skippers and crew, committed to their insurance claims and liability in case of accident or injury.<br />
			<h1><a id="4_DISPOSITIONS_DIVERSES_770318"
				name="4_DISPOSITIONS_DIVERSES_770318"></a>4 - MISCELLANEOUS</h1>
			<a id="4_1_Force_majeure" name="4_1_Force_majeure"></a>
			<h2><a id="4_2_Confidentialit_des_donn_es"
				name="4_2_Confidentialit_des_donn_es"></a>4.1 Confidentiality of data</h2>
#{messages['layout.template.titre']} undertakes to respect the regulations regarding handling and storage of personal data and confidential 
information, including the law of January 6, 1978 "Computer and Freedoms".<br />
CUnder this law, users of the platform  #{messages['layout.template.titre']} has a right to access and modify any information about it by 
sending an e-mail.<br />
			<h2><a id="_4_3_En_cas_de_litige_74958694"
				name="_4_3_En_cas_de_litige_74958694"></a> 4.2 In case of dispute</h2>
These conditions are governed and interpreted in accordance with French law. The French courts have jurisdiction to rule on any disputes that 
may arise between the parties relating to the execution hereof.<br />
			<br />
		</rich:panel>
	</ui:define>

</ui:composition>
